Add documentation for configure Access mask for disk share (#1504)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/reference/mediators/property-reference/http-transport-properties.md

</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p><strong>Description</strong></p></td>

> <td><p>When set to true, this property forces a 202 HTTP response to the client when the current thread of execution ends, so that the client stops waiting for a response.</p></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td><p>When set to <code>true</code>, this property sends a 202 HTTP response to the client when the current thread of execution ends. This ensures that the client does not continue waiting for a response.</p></td>
```

Author: fixed: 5b69fa56b48b4dd2256b2c497412394a9115a4f5
